API Config: change default display to "diagram" (#22856)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/compose.rst

Visualizing Composite Estimators
================================

Estimators are displayed with an HTML representation when shown in a
jupyter notebook. This is useful to diagnose or visualize a Pipeline with
many estimators. This visualization is activated by default::

  >>> column_trans  # doctest: +SKIP

> It can be deactivated by setting the `text` option in :func:`~sklearn.set_config`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be deactivated by setting the `display` option in :func:`~sklearn.set_config` to 'text'::
```
